The database is now implemented and ready for use. The table creations,
now populated, are able to meet the needs of the business. How is the
implemented database to be used, in this scenario? The Loving Care Pet
Boarding is a complex that houses both cats and dogs while their owners are
away on trips. While the pets are boarded, there are walks for the dogs,
conducted by volunteers at the business. Classes are additionally held for
dogs and the owners upon their return, which involve teaching commands to the
dogs. The database contains a wealth of additional information, including
last names of volunteers, employees, customers, salaries of employees, size of
accomodations, and more.

Some uses of the database include projecting salaries, computing averages,
minimums, and maximums of those salaries, for all employees. The projections
might include things like employee training status, availability, planned
classes to instruct, and others. These additional projections could be helpful
when deciding who to give raises to, and how much of a raise. Interestingly,
the projection of employee training status could be extended to include the
training status of volunteers are well, and the owner could project a list of
both employees and volunteers who need to be trained, when planning future
training sessions. This can help keep both employees and volunteers of the
business trained with good efficiency. How many people are sent to training is
as simple as a query with a join of the Employee and Volunteer table.

The accomodations in this scenario are substantial and as such, there is no
limit to the number of pets that a customer can check in, and pets can be
boarded as long as the agreement made between customer and owner. The dog
walks are handled by volunteers, whereas employees handle the instruction of
classes. The training that employees and volunteers go through is a simple
overall training in handling customer service and pet interaction.
